[SYCL] Add guidelines for working on release branches (#17042)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/developer/ContributeToDPCPP.md

commit message title. To a reasonable extent, additional tags can be used
to signify the component changed, e.g.: `[UR]`, `[CUDA]`, `[Doc]`.

## Release notes

> You are encouraged (but it is not required) to record your change into

Reviewer: Nit; I would argue that "encouraged" implies the part in the parenthesis.

Author: Removed that extra bit in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

[release notes](/sycl/ReleaseNotes.md) under "Release notes for an upcoming
release" section.

A change should be noted there when:

- A public interface (API, command line options, env variables, etc.) is being
  changed
- A bug is being fixed
- Any change is being made which has an observable behavior (including
  performance)

A change should **not** be noted there when:

> - It has no functional and performance impact

Author: If UR change fixes a bug observable on a SYCL level, I would personally prefer it documented

> - It has no functional and performance impact

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

- It is about our CI infrastructure, testing infrastructure, or tests

There are no strict guidelines on how to structure release notes, but for

> consistency it is better to follow the existing structure without disrupting it
> much. The structure we have been using so far is split by change type (i.e. new

Reviewer: Maybe a slight rewording here? I think both work:
```suggestion
consistency it is better to follow the existing structure with minimal changes.
The structure we have been using so far is split by change type (i.e. new
```

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

features and bug fixes) and then sub-split by component (i.e. compiler,

> runtime). Please use past tense when describing your change.

Author: Yeah, good point, clarified that in ee3ecc7f9e8f6ad5017fb19104e36af0cd5f4d60
